my son pay attention to my wisdom lend
my son pay attention to my wisdom lend your ear to my understanding that you
your ear to my understanding that you
your ear to my understanding that you may preserve discretion and your lips
may preserve discretion and your lips
may preserve discretion and your lips may keep knowledge for the lips of an
may keep knowledge for the lips of an
may keep knowledge for the lips of an immoral woman drip honey and her mouth
immoral woman drip honey and her mouth
immoral woman drip honey and her mouth is smoother than but in the end she is
is smoother than but in the end she is
is smoother than but in the end she is bitter as wormwood sharp as a two-edged
bitter as wormwood sharp as a two-edged
bitter as wormwood sharp as a two-edged sword her feet go down to death her
sword her feet go down to death her
sword her feet go down to death her steps lay hold of hell lest you ponder
steps lay hold of hell lest you ponder
steps lay hold of hell lest you ponder her path of life her ways are unstable
her path of life her ways are unstable
her path of life her ways are unstable you do not know them therefore hear me
you do not know them therefore hear me
you do not know them therefore hear me now my children and do not depart from
now my children and do not depart from
now my children and do not depart from the words of my mouth remove your way
the words of my mouth remove your way
the words of my mouth remove your way far from her and do not go near the door
far from her and do not go near the door
far from her and do not go near the door of her house lest you give your honor to
of her house lest you give your honor to
of her house lest you give your honor to others and your years to the cruel one
others and your years to the cruel one
others and your years to the cruel one lest aliens be filled with your wealth
lest aliens be filled with your wealth
lest aliens be filled with your wealth and your Labor's go to the house of a
and your Labor's go to the house of a
and your Labor's go to the house of a foreigner and you mourn at last when
foreigner and you mourn at last when
foreigner and you mourn at last when your flesh and your body are consumed
your flesh and your body are consumed
your flesh and your body are consumed and say how I have hated instruction and
and say how I have hated instruction and
and say how I have hated instruction and my heart despise correction
my heart despise correction
my heart despise correction I have not obeyed the voice of my
I have not obeyed the voice of my
I have not obeyed the voice of my teachers nor incline my ear to those who
teachers nor incline my ear to those who
teachers nor incline my ear to those who instructed me I was on the verge of
instructed me I was on the verge of
instructed me I was on the verge of total ruin in the midst of the assembly
total ruin in the midst of the assembly
total ruin in the midst of the assembly and congregation drink water from your
and congregation drink water from your
and congregation drink water from your own cistern and running water from your
own cistern and running water from your
own cistern and running water from your own well should your fountains be
own well should your fountains be
own well should your fountains be dispersed abroad streams of water in the
dispersed abroad streams of water in the
dispersed abroad streams of water in the streets
streets
streets let them be only your home and not for
let them be only your home and not for
let them be only your home and not for strangers with you let your fountain be
strangers with you let your fountain be
strangers with you let your fountain be blessed and rejoice with the wife of
blessed and rejoice with the wife of
blessed and rejoice with the wife of your youth as a loving deer and a
your youth as a loving deer and a
your youth as a loving deer and a graceful doe that her breasts satisfy
graceful doe that her breasts satisfy
graceful doe that her breasts satisfy you at all times and always be
you at all times and always be
you at all times and always be enraptured with her love for why should
enraptured with her love for why should
enraptured with her love for why should you my son be enraptured by an immoral
you my son be enraptured by an immoral
you my son be enraptured by an immoral woman and be embraced in the arms of a
woman and be embraced in the arms of a
woman and be embraced in the arms of a seductress for the ways of man are
seductress for the ways of man are
seductress for the ways of man are before the eyes of the Lord and he
before the eyes of the Lord and he
before the eyes of the Lord and he ponders all his paths his own iniquities
ponders all his paths his own iniquities
ponders all his paths his own iniquities entrapped the wicked man and he is
entrapped the wicked man and he is
entrapped the wicked man and he is caught in the cords of his sin he shall
caught in the cords of his sin he shall
caught in the cords of his sin he shall die for lack of instruction and in the
die for lack of instruction and in the
die for lack of instruction and in the greatness of his folly he shall go
greatness of his folly he shall go
greatness of his folly he shall go astray